Add documentation for git refs as versions (#31914)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/basic_usage.rst

or ``1.7``).  When you supply such a specifier to ``spack install``,
it constrains the set of versions that Spack will install.

For packages with a ``git`` attribute, ``git`` references 
may be specified instead of a numerical version i.e. branches, tags 
and commits. Spack will stage and build based off the ``git`` 
reference provided.  Acceptable syntaxes for this are:

.. code-block:: console
   
    # branches and tags

>    foo@git.develop # use the develop branch
>    foo@git.0.19 # use the 0.19 tag
>    
>     # commit hashes
>    foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234=develop # user specified version reference
>    foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234 # version reference must be found by spack
> 
> When using commit hashes a reference spack version needs to be paried to the hash.
> This allows Spack to solve build requirements that are based on the version.
> A version can be assigned with ``[hash]=[version]`` syntax.
> There is a constratint that the specified version must be known to Spack
> either through the package definition, or in the configuration i.e. ``packages.yaml``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   foo@git.develop # use the develop branch
   foo@git.0.19 # use the 0.19 tag
   
    # commit hashes
   foo@abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234    # 40 character hashes are automatically treated as git commits
   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234
   
When using git refs a reference spack version may to be provided with the git reference.
This allows Spack to solve build requirements that are based on the version.
A version can be assigned with ``[ref]=[version]`` syntax.
There is a constraint that the specified version must be known to Spack
either through the package definition, or in the configuration i.e. ``packages.yaml``.

.. code-block:: console

   foo@git.my_ref=3.2 # use the my_ref tag or branch, but treat it as version 3.2 for version comparisons
   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234=develop # use the given commit, but treat it as develop for version comparisons
```

or ``1.7``).  When you supply such a specifier to ``spack install``,
it constrains the set of versions that Spack will install.

For packages with a ``git`` attribute, ``git`` references 
may be specified instead of a numerical version i.e. branches, tags 
and commits. Spack will stage and build based off the ``git`` 
reference provided.  Acceptable syntaxes for this are:

.. code-block:: console
   
    # branches and tags
   foo@git.develop # use the develop branch
   foo@git.0.19 # use the 0.19 tag
   
    # commit hashes
   foo@abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234    # 40 character hashes are automatically treated as git commits
   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234
   

> When using git reference a corresponding version may be paired to the git reference.

Author: ```suggestion
When using git reference a corresponding version must be paired to the git reference.
```

> When using git refs a reference spack version may to be provided with the git reference.

Author: ```suggestion
When using git reference a corresponding version may be paired to the git reference.
```

> This allows Spack to solve build requirements that are based on the version.

Author: ```suggestion
A paired version is necessary so Spack can solve build requirements that are based on the version.
```

> A paired version is necessary so Spack can solve build requirements that are based on the version.

Author: ```suggestion
A paired version is necessary so Spack can solve build requirements that are based on the version, e.g. ``depends_on('~shared', when=':1.5')``.
```

> A version can be assigned with ``[ref]=[version]`` syntax.

Author: ```suggestion
A paired version can be assigned with ``[git ref]=[version]`` syntax with the caveat that the specified version
is known to Spack.
```

> There is a constraint that the specified version must be known to Spack
> either through the package definition, or in the configuration i.e. ``packages.yaml``.

Author: ```suggestion
This can be through the package definition, or in the configuration i.e. ``packages.yaml``.
```

.. code-block:: console

   foo@git.my_ref=3.2 # use the my_ref tag or branch, but treat it as version 3.2 for version comparisons
   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234=develop # use the given commit, but treat it as develop for version comparisons

> If a version is not supplied then the tags in the git repo to determine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a version is not supplied then the tags in the git repo are used to determine
```

> the nearest previous version known to Spack. Details

Author: ```suggestion
the nearest, previous version known to Spack. Details
```

> When using git reference a corresponding version must be paired to the git reference.
> A paired version is necessary so Spack can solve build requirements that are based on the version, e.g. ``depends_on('~shared', when=':1.5')``.
> A paired version can be assigned with ``[git ref]=[version]`` syntax with the caveat that the specified version
> is known to Spack.
> This can be through the package definition, or in the configuration i.e. ``packages.yaml``.
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    foo@git.my_ref=3.2 # use the my_ref tag or branch, but treat it as version 3.2 for version comparisons
>    foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234=develop # use the given commit, but treat it as develop for version comparisons
> 
> 
> If a version is not supplied then the tags in the git repo are used to determine
> the nearest, previous version known to Spack. Details
> about how versions are compared and how Spack determines if one
> version is less than another are discussed in the developer guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spack versions from git reference either have an associated version supplied by the user,
or infer a relationship to known versions from the structure of the git repository. If an
associated version is supplied by the user, Spack treats the git version as equivalent to that
version for all version comparisons in the package logic (e.g. ``depends_on('foo', when='@1.5')``).

The associated version can be assigned with ``[git ref]=[version]`` syntax, with the caveat that the specified version is known to Spack from either the package definition, or in the configuration preferences (i.e. ``packages.yaml``).

.. code-block:: console

   foo@git.my_ref=3.2 # use the my_ref tag or branch, but treat it as version 3.2 for version comparisons
   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234=develop # use the given commit, but treat it as develop for version comparisons

If an associated version is not supplied then the tags in the git repo are used to determine
the most recent previous version known to Spack. Details about how versions are compared
 and how Spack determines if one version is less than another are discussed in the developer guide.
```

How about something like this? I'm worried that "must" and "necessary" will make users think they have to provide an associated version by hand.

Author: Agreed.

   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234
   
Spack versions from git reference either have an associated version supplied by the user,
or infer a relationship to known versions from the structure of the git repository. If an
associated version is supplied by the user, Spack treats the git version as equivalent to that
version for all version comparisons in the package logic (e.g. ``depends_on('foo', when='@1.5')``).

The associated version can be assigned with ``[git ref]=[version]`` syntax, with the caveat that the specified version is known to Spack from either the package definition, or in the configuration preferences (i.e. ``packages.yaml``).

.. code-block:: console

   foo@git.my_ref=3.2 # use the my_ref tag or branch, but treat it as version 3.2 for version comparisons
   foo@git.abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234abcdef1234=develop # use the given commit, but treat it as develop for version comparisons

If an associated version is not supplied then the tags in the git repo are used to determine
the most recent previous version known to Spack. Details about how versions are compared

>  and how Spack determines if one version is less than another are discussed in the developer guide.

Author: ```suggestion
and how Spack determines if one version is less than another are discussed in the developer guide.
```
